PRIVACY POLICY

This privacy policy (“Policy”) explains our policy regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and transfer of your (Your/ User/ Users) Information by Inogy Solutions Private Limited and/or its subsidiary (ies) and/or affiliate(s) (collectively referred to as the “Company” / “We”/ “Us”/ “Our”), which operates the website https://nyakul.com/ ("Site"), “Nyakul App” (the “App”) available on Google Play Store, iOS and other similar platforms and other services (collectively referred to as “Services”/ “Nyakul App Services”). This Privacy Policy applies to all products and services provided by the company and sets out how the company may collect, use and disclose Information in relation to Users of the Platform. This Privacy Policy forms part and parcel of the Terms of Use for the Nyakul App Services. Capitalized terms that have been used here but are undefined shall have the same meaning as attributed to them in the Terms of Use.

As We update, improve and expand the Nyakul App Services, this Policy may change, so please refer back to it periodically. By accessing the Site, App, or otherwise using the Nyakul App Services, You consent to the collection, storage, and use of the Information You provide (including any changes thereto as provided by You) for any of the services that We offer.

The Company respects the privacy of the Users of the Nyakul App Services and is committed to protecting the Information in all respects on best efforts basis. The information about the User as collected by the Company is: (a) information supplied by Users and (b) information automatically tracked while using a mobile device having Nyakul App Services enabled (collectively referred to as “Information”).

Information supplied by users
To avail of certain Services on the Nyakul App, Users are required to provide certain personally identifiable information for the registration process which may include: a) their name, b) profile and store images, c) phone number, d) business entity information and any other such information as required. The Information supplied by the Users enables us to improve the Nyakul App Services and provide You the most user-friendly experience. In some cases/provision of certain service(s) or utility(ies), we may require Your contact address as well. This information may be shared with third parties to enable certain features and functionalities in Nyakul (For example, chat). Further, upon downloading the App, Users are requested to share access to their contact list (as stored on their mobile device on which the App is downloaded), so as to enable the User to find relevant business connections on Nyakul. This contact list of the User is uploaded to com.aam.ui.app, for the purposes of improving and enhancing the User experience of the App. We do not share contact list data with any third party and treat this data as personal or sensitive data subject to the Privacy Policy, Secure Transmission, and Prominent Disclosure requirements of User.

All required Information is service dependent and unless otherwise specified, the Company may use the above said Information to, maintain, protect, and improve the Nyakul App Services, and for developing new services. We may also use Your phone number without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying You of major changes, for customer service purposes, providing information about updates to Nyakul App Services, billing, etc.).

Any personally identifiable Information provided by You will not be considered as sensitive if it is freely available and/or accessible in the public domain. Further, any reviews, comments, messages, blogs posted/uploaded/conveyed/communicated by Users on the public sections of the Site or on the App (like the App Store or Play Store) becomes published content and is not considered personally identifiable Information which is subject to this Privacy Policy.

In case You choose to decline to submit personally identifiable Information on the Nyakul App/Site, we may not be able to provide certain services on the App/Site to You. We will make reasonable efforts to notify You of the same at the appropriate time. In any case, we will not be liable and or responsible for the denial of certain services to You for lack of You providing the necessary personal Information. When You register with the Nyakul App Services, we may contact You from time to time about updation of Your personal Information to provide the Users with such features that we believe may benefit/interest You.

Information about Products and Collections on Nyakul
Users may provide product-related information and may list it on Nyakul in the form of products or collections. Any product-related information (like posts, comments and images of the product) on Nyakul is not considered to be sensitive since it will be freely available and accessible in the public domain (On the Nyakul platform). While there are privacy options to limit the accessibility of information, Nyakul in no way guarantees that this information will not be viewable or accessible by other users, and the User agrees to indemnify Nyakul App Services for any liability arising of information being viewed and downloaded by other Users or Third Parties. Furthermore, while Nyakul App Services will endeavor to make this data secure and only accessible to the parties the User chooses to share this information to, Nyakul App Services in no way guarantees the safety and consistency of this information.

Information automatically tracked while using the app or site:
Customer Information: We store the contact information of Your customers, provided they sign up with Nyakul and voluntarily choose to share this information. We also keep a log of all orders, posts, and chat related communication to the customers.
Demographic and Related Information: We may reference other sources of demographic and other information in order to provide You with more targeted communications and promotions. We use Google Analytics, or similar such tools, to track User behaviour on our website.
Log File Information: Our servers automatically collect limited Information about Your device's connection to the internet, including Your IP address, when You visit our Site or use the App. We automatically receive and log Information from the App and/or Your browser including but not limited to IP address, Your device or computer's name, and Your operating system. We may also collect log Information from Your device, including but not limited to Your location, IP address, Your device's name, device's serial number, or unique identification number (e.g. UDID on Your iOS device, Android ID, or ADID on Your Android Device), Your device operating system, browser type, and version, CPU speed, and connection speed, etc.
Cookies: To improve the responsiveness of the Site for our Users, we may use "cookies", or similar electronic tools to collect information to assign each visitor a unique, random number as a User Identification (User ID) to understand the User's individual interests using the identified computer. Our partners may also assign their own cookies to Your browser, a process that We do not control.
Link to third party sites/ad-servers
The Site may include links to other websites. Such websites are governed by their respective privacy policies, which are beyond our control. Once You leave our servers (You can tell where You are by checking the URL in the location bar on Your browser), use of any information You provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site You are visiting. That policy may differ from ours. If You can't find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the website's homepage, You should contact the website directly for more information.

Information sharing
The Company may share the Information (including sensitive personal information) with any third party without obtaining the prior consent of the User in the following limited circumstances:

When it is requested or required by law or by any court or governmental agency or authority to disclose, for the purpose of verification of identity, or for the prevention, detection, investigation including cyber incidents, or for prosecution and punishment of offences. These disclosures are made in good faith and belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary for enforcing the Terms of Use or for complying with the applicable laws and regulations. The Company may also present information related to credit records, User spends, patterns, and User data tracked by the Company only in the form of aggregated statistics on data such as overall App usage by date, time, balances, etc. within our app/site or to our partners.

Accessing and updating personal information
Our Services and related documentation on the Site and the App provide You with the ability to access, update and delete certain Information from Your account if any. We will provide You with information about whether We hold any of Your Information upon request. We will respond to such requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note, however, that We may need to retain certain information for record-keeping purposes, to complete Our Services and related obligations to You, or to comply with Our legal obligations.

Information storage and backup
From time to time, we take backup of your data on Nyakul App on our cloud database. This is done for the purpose of enabling Users to get their data back in case their phone's data becomes unusable, or phone gets lost, or the User moves to a new phone device. We also use this backup to provide useful insights and Information related to their usage of the app, and to provide Information related to product views, patterns and User data.

We shall keep your information in our records till the period of time where we can potentially offer the Nyakul App Services to you. After such period of time Nyakul App Services are no more relevant to you, we remove all the Information from our records.

Object or restrict processing of Your Information
You have the right to: (i) object to Our processing of Your Personal Information; and/or (ii) request that We restrict the processing of Your Personal Information. You can write to Us via email or other means of communication in case You want to exercise any or all of these data protection rights.

Information storage and backup
From time to time, We take backup of Your data on the Nyakul App on our cloud database. This is done for the purpose of enabling Users to get their data back in case their phone's data becomes unusable, or the phone gets lost, or the User moves to a new phone device. We also use this backup to provide useful insights and Information related to their usage of the App, and to provide Information related to product views, patterns, and User data. We shall keep Your Information in our records till the period of time where We can potentially offer the Nyakul App Services to You. After such a period of time where Nyakul App Services is no more relevant to You, We remove all the Information from our records.

Information security
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where We store personal data. All Information gathered on the Nyakul App is securely stored within the controlled database. Access to the servers is password-protected and is strictly limited.

Updates/Changes
We may alter our Privacy Policy from time to time to incorporate necessary changes in technology, applicable law, or any other variant. In any case, We reserve the right to change (at any point in time) the terms of this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use. Any changes We make will be effective immediately on notice, which We may give by posting the new policy on the Site. Your use of the Nyakul App Services after such notice will be deemed acceptance of such changes. We may also make reasonable efforts to inform You via electronic mail. In any case, You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically on the Site to ensure that You are aware of the latest version.

Questions/Grievance Redressal
In accordance with Information Technology Act 2000, Consumer Protection (E-Commerce) Rules, 2020 as amended from time to time, and rules made thereunder, the name and contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below:

Name:Mr. Anish Goel
Email:contact@nyakul.com
